.TH R3R 1 "2012-03-25"

.SH NAME
  r3r - A simple feed reader

.SH SYNOPSIS

.P
r3r

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
  r3r takes an HTTP URL or a local file and reads it.  The subscriptions file can be used to load certain feeds on every startup.

.SS "File Formats"

.P
R3R currently supports the formats RSS (0.9—2.0), RSS 3.0, Atom, and ESF.  It will extract the format from the HTTP content type or the file extension.  Content-type guessing can be enabled, which will analyze HTTP URLs for hopefully better results.

.P
Content types:
 application/rdf+xml, application/rss+xml:  RSS (0.9—2.0)
 application/atom+xml: Atom
 text/x-rss, text/plain: RSS 3.0
 esf/text: ESF

.P
File extensions:
 .rss, .rdf: RSS (0.9—2.0)
 .r3, .rss3: RSS 3.0
 .atom: Atom
 .esf: ESF

.SH FILES

.P
 config/r3r/r3r.ini
   Settings file
 data/r3r/history
   History of visited URLs.
 data/r3r/subscriptions.txt
   URLs to which you've subscribed.
 
 
.SS Filters

.P
Filters can be created in the data directory.  They have the name <field>.filter, where <field> can be title, subject, author, etc.  The file will contain text entries or regular expressions to block, one on each line. Example:
foo
/b[aeiou]r/i
/Baz/

.SH TUI

.P
The TUI is the most mature of the user interfaces (the one I use most often).  It displays a list of items in the left pane and important data about it in the right pane.  You can scroll through the items via customary keys.  Press h within the program for more help about the keys.

.SH GUI

.P
The GUI is nothing but a technology demonstration of using the Pascal shared library from a C++ program (it should be usable also from other programming languages), but it's usable.  It displays a list of items in a list view.  Selecting an item, will display its contents in a web widget.  Subscriptions can be managed from the settings dialog.

.SH HTML

.P
The HTML UI is also usable.  When called, it writes an HTML web page to standard output.  That output can be directed to a file.  On a web server, this can easily be invoked for remote access of your favorite feeds.

.SH "Developer Documentation"

.P
Please look in subdirectories in ./doc of the source distribution for pertinent information about building, development, writing your own UI, etc.

.SH AUTHOR
  Keith Bowes
